Update to sign in with apple (#2539)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/register-app-in-okta/index.md

1. On the **General** tab, copy the **Client ID** from the **Client Credentials** section. You need this ID to complete the Authorize URL in the next section.

> **Note:** For Sign in with Apple, you need to update your email sources within Apple's Developer Settings if you choose to [hide your email](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210425).

> 1. Sign-in to your [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/) account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to your [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/) account.
```

> 2. Go to `Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles` > `More` > Click `Configure` for `Sign in with Apple for Email communication`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles** > **More**. Click **Configure** for **Sign in with Apple for Email communication**.
```

> 3. Clicked `+` for Email sources and added `mailrelay.okta.com` for Domains and Subdomains. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the plus sign (+) next to **Email sources** and add `mailrelay.okta.com` for Domains and Subdomains. 
```

> 4. Verify your changes by signing in to your Okta Admin Console, selecting `Sign in with Apple` and check for a verification email to be successfullly sent to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify your changes by signing in to your Okta Admin Console, selecting **Sign in with Apple**, and verifying that a verification email is successfully sent to you.
```

> 4. Verify your changes by signing in to your Okta Admin Console, selecting `Sign in with Apple` and check for a verification email to be successfullly sent to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify your changes by signing in to your Okta Admin Console, selecting **Sign in with Apple**, and checking for a verification email to be successfullly sent to you.
```

1. On the **General** tab, copy the **Client ID** from the **Client Credentials** section. You need this ID to complete the Authorize URL in the next section.

> > **Note:** For Sign in with Apple, you will need to update your email sources within Apple's Developer Settings if you choose to [hide your email](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210425).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** For Sign in with Apple, you need to update your email sources within Apple's Developer Settings if you choose to [hide your email](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210425).
```
